ah bah Luo Yin so we'll catch up with
eventually in Chiang Mai but it says
what do we do with people like that what
do we do people all that do we did they
learn and a lot computers you have to
punch the information in again again
you've got to smash their [ __ ] teeth
out and put them in hospital below how
do we do when he's [ __ ] scumbags
there are only two original ideas in the
latest attempt to denounce me by vegan
foot soldier an attempt to denounce me
defame me recycle a lot of old lies that
have ceased to be believable to anyone
but a tiny lunatic fringe lies that have
been addressed and refuted so many times
the internet by so many people not just
myself during the last year but its
first original idea is that I'm a really
bad person because I failed to offer to
talk to durianrider by email by Skype or
in person now as with many of his
allegations against me I think it's
really worthwhile to reflect if it were
true if it were true would that be such
a terrible thing let's look at a clip of
durianrider stating very clearly that he
means to use physical violence against
me I look another question here at the
festival have a great time we do have
one shield one troll who's come over to
Chiang Mai to cause havoc yeah a guy on
YouTube who gave a sort of shiver create
an event in Chiang Mai but now he's
turned up and he's slamming me slam and
freely he's pinellia wants to fight us
and he's contacting underage girls on
the internet in our community my kids in
hey guys 37 years old and his name's
Zell he's just creeper so we'll catch up
with eventually in Chiangmai but it says
what do we do with people like that what
do we do people that do it did they
learn it and a lot computers you have to
punch the information in again and again
you've got to smash their [ __ ] teeth
out and put them in hospital before
hello how do we do where your [ __ ]
scumbags what do we do what do we do I
guess I'm soon find out after watching
this clip you can ask
so well in this context of somebody
saying they're going to beat you up
they're gonna have a gang of people hunt
you down and hurt you if you fail to
offer to meet them in a cafe maybe that
would be a real you know maybe I'd be
the wrong move they'd be understandable
I think you'd look at that and say well
this is a guy in a tough situation this
is a guy you know being threatened with
violence and arrest with terrible
unforgivable things being said about him
on the internet and he didn't offer to
talk to this guy by Skype or email me in
the cafe but let's say it was me with
you doing rider rights in the forum are
this person has been contacting underage
people my festival firstly that's true
because we've got evidence city with
contacting people like teenagers
accessible so it's a fact it's not a
fact whether or not he was a sexual
predator that was doing was a
speculation and that's the main thing
and but if someone was speculating that
I was a sexual predator or some other
lofty claim of a so I'm really very very
bad claim just like instantly try and
resolve it I'd be like hey what what
what's happening here let's resolve this
[ __ ] out there and that's sort of like
less meat let's do a Skype call they
were both in Chiangmai so I would be
like let's meet this cafe tomorrow let's
talk about this or let's do Skype let's
do a live debate let's do let's do
something like I I don't want you
talking this stuff out there because
this is my reputation so let's resolve
this as quick as possible that's what I
would do but no I was amaz art instead
of doing that he in order to foster pity
from the vegan community and get
everyone on the inside and show that
he's such a victim and do rather such a
nasty horrible monster and he cultivated
this hate industry towards doing what if
this allegation were true it would be
really understandable and anybody with a
shred of sympathy or shred of human
decency would sympathize with that being
a tough situation for anybody to
conflict now instead
as with every single one of the claims
that foot soldier makes against me it is
actually untrue it is actually a lie and
you can see here on screen this is the
very first interaction I ever had
directly with durianrider falling after
him making defamatory remarks about me
threats of violence against me not only
on Facebook also on his blog also on
YouTube basically on every social media
platform that he used and he writes
saying it's not long until we find you
in person it's in the context of
physical threats balance and my first
reply the first thing I ever said to him
was you have my email you have my
facebook you can talk to me on skype in
five minutes conversely as stated in the
video if you want to book a ring for a
boxing match that's cool too
as this interaction went on I offered to
meet with during writer or anyone else
in a cafe on the street and ultimately
at a karaoke bar we had a karaoke night
inviting people and so the allegations
made against me by foot soldier are not
just unreasonable and insulting and
stupid they're also completely untrue
the good news is not everyone is an
idiot here's a comment put directly to
vegan foot soldier but one of his
viewers one of his fans I'm going to
just call him by his first initial Jay
Jay writes but hold on didn't aisel try
to resolve the issue peacefully in
Chiangmai didn't he offer to sky parley
didn't he offer to meet in person didn't
eyes'll even offer to meet hardly at the
local Thai police station to face the
pedophile and sexual predator
allegations [ __ ] he even offered to add
a friendly boxing match in a Thai gym
after Harley threatened him with
violence and publicly incited others to
do so - that is serious [ __ ] right there
when you are calling people pedophiles
and inciting others to commit violent
acts on your behalf
none of this the seriousness of this
does contact none of it is recognized by
the foot soldier he's only interested in
trying to blacken my character
defame me blame me denounce me etc when
someone is influential as Harley is
publicly calling on others to incite
violence and it's another human living
in the near vicinity it is not beyond
reason to assume it can have
consequences to said person's safety as
a fan of yours it amazes me how you will
let that fact completely slide I think
you're missing a pivotal part of the
history watch during writers threats and
allegations in his own words and pause
that [ __ ] when needed so again I can
provide that link below this video but
that does simply show you everything
during writer said to me and my replies
at the time so if you really don't know
the background of the story that is the
one video to see it's only about three
minutes long it'll take you about five
minutes if you pause to read all the
text on-screen but that is the story
that's not my opinion above the story I
don't narrate the video on the same
thing that is the story
hardly ought to face the consequences of
his actions as anyone out there should
only feel bad for the festival-goers
and the local ties who benefit from
Tours okay and here's the reply from
foot soldier Jay I'm not trying to say
I'm an expert on the topic but I don't
think you are representing the reality
situation I read all the original banter
and eyes'll was simply just retaliating
and the police-station thing was not an
invitation to discuss he was merely
saying if you've got a problem with me
contacting young girls feel free to
press charges against me pause here so
foot soldier if that were true if that
were true would that really be a bad
thing as it happens this is not true
foot soldier that was like everything
you're saying is based on lines but I
was facing threats of violence horrible
criminal allegations so if I had said if
you got a problem if that was the truth
you've all just seen what I actually did
say on screen how could you possibly
condemn me for doing that wouldn't you
just say hey this was somebody in a
really tough situation I was only in
Chiangmai for a few days I wasn't attend
the festival I was getting paperwork in
order for my visa in China I told that
story a million times I was in Shanghai
for totally different reasons do I
arrive before the festival and left
before it ended it was only there for a
few days I tried to deal with situations
that's good if this were true those
happens not true
I was really reaching out to people
positively in many ways and Dave turkin
writer had any interest obviously he
could have been a negative situation
could have been turned to a positive one
including the fact that when heartily
asked me to apologize too freely I did
so so I did make efforts at building
bridges and I did have meaningful you
know dialogue with people from that camp
and I never once attended one of their
events I never once derailed or
disrupted in any way their festival so I
didn't protest their festival nothing
like that happen all right so here's a
reply from Jay again Jay says never
claimed to be an expert just putting
forth the evidence aisel was simply just
retaliating is that your assessment of
his replies aisel was in Chiangmai
contrary to what you say in this video
he did try multiple times to reach out
and peacefully talk to Harley by email
Skype in-person at a police station and
even in the ring so he leaves out the
karaoke bar I had a karaoke event but
anyone could have come to you it was
open - it was announced on YouTube and
on Facebook
anyone in Chiangmai I went to me with me
and talked to me could have met me for
karaoke also totally peaceful
constructive way to meet up with people
all right and even in the ring has
hardly seemed to prefer violence above
all as a solution again we've just put
up screenshots showing eyes'll clearly
writes and I quote if you want to meet
up let's meet if you actually want to
press charges against me in a court of
law
let's meet at the police station he
mentioned that he has invited Hurley to
talk in person to resolve the matter in
his video he goes further - right if you
want to meet up in real life I'm a
hundred percent down down for it
shall I go long question mark so
footsoldier what exactly you're seeing
that I am NOT and again you failed to
address the public incitement of
violence but hardly towards another
human being without any evidence of
wrongdoing what the [ __ ] man so foot
soldier what does it say about you that
this is the person you're making excuses
for this is the person you're banging
I'm just going to put this one
screenshot up again Harley making these
allegations against me and admitting at
the same time that he has no evidence
because nobody's talking about foot
soldier this is a serious wrong done to
someone and you know your claim that
somehow I deserve this because I
criticized during writers false phony
cure for Crohn's disease there's there's
just no symmetry here foot soldier
there's no moral equivalence between my
video serious giving a serious sober
critique of during writers claims to
have been cured Crohn's disease he
having cured quite a number of other
incurable diseases ok and what dairy
animator did in this affair in terms of
threats of violence defamation and all
the rest of it let's look again at the
very last sentence of this comment from
foot soldier I said at the start of this
video that he really just had two
original ideas here and this is the
second one he says as far as I know
there was no genuine effort to cool the
situation and create peace in the
community that's interesting idea
foot soldier but I'd like to see you
apply that fairly and equally to
yourself at what stage in this affair in
the last year in the last two years at
what stage have you ever made a genuine
effort to cool the situation and create
peace in the community you have
published lie after malicious lie about
me in video after video and in hundreds
of written comments hundreds you have
never taken the slightest interest in
the facts not in the core case not in my
life not Who I am not even in the
content on my youtube channel everything
you say is a lie everything you say is
intended to exacerbate the conflict to
make it worse to make more drama more
hatred more division I reached out to
you positively once you wrote back with
the lowest form of schoolyard insults
and lies and defamation as bad as
anything durianrider said and in
some cases worse foot soldier if your
criticism of me is that you look at me
when I was in this tough situation in
Chiang Mai for a few days about to fly
to China if your criticism of me is that
in those very difficult circumstances
facing threats of violence
somebody defaming the public on the
internet claiming that I'm a sexual
predator etc when I'm in the middle of a
divorce case and a custody battle for my
daughter
with all of that pressure on me if your
claim is that I did not make enough of a
genuine effort to cool the situation and
create peace in the community what I
want to ask you is what if you're a
hundred percent right what if I just did
the best that I could what I want to ask
you right now foot soldier is why aren't
you doing the best that you can why have
you never made an effort to cool the
situation and create peace in the
community why have you never held
durianrider to this standard and
demanded that he try to cool the
situation and create peace in the
community why is it only at me that you
point this finger of blame nobody's
threatening to kick your ass in the
streets of Chennai nobody's denouncing
and defaming you you're not in the
middle of a complex divorce case custody
struggle trying to see your own daughter
again you don't have any of that
pressure on you you're not enrolled in
courses to learn the Chinese language
you're not starting a new job you don't
know any of that stuff going on in your
life and yet this is what you're capable
of
new lies new insults and you have never
never once reciprocated positively the
efforts I made to communicate with you
whether that was just me offering to
share legal documents to let you know
that the court case was real or to in a
more profound way talk about what's
going on in Venus
and foot soldier I did reach out to
people positively I always have reach
out to people possibly including my
harshest critics including people who
openly say they hate me including you
and including vegan Ava vegan Ava said
unforgivable things not just saying that
I'm guilty of fraud financial fraud not
only accusing me of really serious
crimes in a way that could impact my
career and so on but she said
unforgivable things about my wife and my
daughter my private life my family life
these people have crossed the line in a
way that you know would have terrible
consequences if you're in a coffee shop
together in a bar together or if your
co-workers or cousins and I responded to
that hostility by reaching out them and
saying hey it's not hard to find me
we can talk hey if you think this court
case is a fraud I can show you the
evidence that it's not if you're just
willing to listen if you're just willing
to talk but none of you people are you
preach that you should make a genuine
effort to cool the situation and create
peace in the community but you do not
practice what you preach footsoldier
this makes you not only a liar but more
importantly a hypocrite you can look
through his channel go go back and like
you can see videos from ages ago like
what way more than a year ago where he
was really like fledgling freely doing
rider water for Gary Yourofsky
like loads of people so he is fostering
this negativity so he's built his entire
channel on defaming during rider and
water form and various other people once
again I had to ask
if this were true if it were true what
would the implications really be can you
name anyone on YouTube who built up
their channel by criticizing other
channels by pledging other channels to
use during writers favorite verb I can
name two right now freelee and
durianrider why is it that you hold me
to a completely different
standard then you hold dairy mite or two
if you claim my channel is built on
sledging other channels why do you not
see that as a serious fault in freely
why do you not see that as a serious
fault enduring writer and last but not
least why do you not see that as a fault
in yourself your channel footsoldier
your conduct an horrendous percentage of
it is slander defamation insults and
sledging people and no you don't have
any sense of the content that's on my
channel you don't watch my channel your
evidently not aware that there really is
quality positive content on my channel
I don't just insult someone like Gary
France aione you can take a soundbite
out of context I did in-depth book
reviews and discussions about his
contribution movement I don't just say
direct action everywhere is garbage I
have long thoughtful videos talking
about the politics and strategy and
effective activism on and on and on
about major intellectuals major
organizations major questions about the
present and future the vegan movement
the fact that you haven't seen that
content or you're pretending you haven't
does it make you seem more authoritative
it just makes you seem like even more of
a hypocrite why don't you take a long
look at your own content about me do you
really think you're doing something
other than what you condemned me for
here you're trying to get famous by
sledging other youtubers including
myself so if that's what you think I'm
guilty of and if you were a hundred
percent correct then it seems like the
only difference between me and you is
that I'm way more successful at it and
the only difference between me and
freely is that freely is way more
successful at it because if you look at
all critique as being equal the
defamation which is what you do here you
see no difference between a critique of
the claim to have cured Crohn's disease
the false claim that the diet and
exercise plan of daring writer can cure
chrome
jeez you see no difference between that
and defamation of the kind from
durianrider would just put on screen if
you see no difference between those two
things if you're going to criticize
these people for the lack of positivity
then again your problem is that you're
not just a liar you're a hypocrite
because you are far more guilty of this
same sin than I am the new yen